---
title: Front
date: 2024-07-01 00:00:00 Z
categories:
  - talks
layout: header-image-post
eventdate: Oct, 2021
location: Salt Lake City
eventurl: http://www.frontutah.com/
headerimg: "/img/codifying_design_decisions.svg"
---

# Front Utah 24

This was my third time speaking at Front Utah's Case Study Conference ([first time](/talks/front-2016),[second time](/talks/front-2021)), and this year I was asked to open the conference.

My session builds on my previous session about building and maintaining a design systems by focusing on the aspect of how decisions made by design are recorded, codified, and handed off to product designers and engineers.

Front felt a bit smaller this year, maybe because of the timing (early July) or constricting of travel and conference budget since the pandemic. But it was nice to be back in person with other designers and managers, and I enjoyed the chance to speak again.

# My Talk

## Codifying Design Decisions

Effective communication and collaboration between product managers, designers, and engineers are paramount in the dynamic landscape of digital product development. However, teams often need a systematic approach to codifying design decisions to maintain consistency, scalability, and efficiency across projects. This talk explores integrating design systems, tokens, and tooling as critical components in codifying design decisions. Attendees will learn how these elements can streamline the design process, enhance cross-functional collaboration, and ultimately contribute to creating exceptional digital experiences.

{% include video.html type="youtube" id="KmIh96ABSiE" %}
